---
title: Update 4
categories:
  - Updates
---
  
# Update 4 

## <span style="color:PaleVioletRed">The API Works! </span>

This week I managed to get my API to work and post the data I scraped. I am using the [Django Rest-Framework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/) to structure my API. Within the framework I created a table model to easily 
sort/modify the data I upload into the API. During the implementation stage, I got help from ChatGPT to structure my 
urls and views class. I also learned more about serialization. I created a serializers class that converts complex 
data types to Python objects which is then processed as json objects. 

For this week, I aim to deploy my API on a server and have it global. I am looking into AWS and Microsoft Azure to 
see which one would be better in terms of the model I want to represent. 

On the other hand, I am also researching what kind of analysis I want to conduct on my data. I have previously 
suggested that I can make a topic modeling, however thinking more about it I don't think it will highlight the 
differences we want to see clearly. Instead of topic modeling, I could do a sentiment analysis/opinion mining. 
Opinion mining is very similar to sentiment analysis, however it is conducted on specific pre-identified feautures 
of the model.  

The steps of applying opinion mining to the data would be:
1. Cleaning the data of stopwords, punctuation, converting to lower case, and tokenizing
2. Extracting Features: this would have to be manually done by identifying key terms I would want to look at that 
   are common in the data. I could do a frequency model for the most common words that appear in my data to render 
   this process easier. 
3. Conducting sentiment analysis. One handicap with this part is that my data is in Turkish. I have found sentiment 
   analysis models trained on Turkish corpus like [textblob-tr](https://textblob.readthedocs.io/en/dev/extensions.html#extensions). This library is not developed by text blob, so the 
   accuracy is not guaranteed. SentiTurkNet is also another library that is developed off of Turkish corpus. 
4. Opinion aggregation: this step is basically combining the scores of each feature found in the previous step to 
   gain a total score for the review. 
5. Visualization

I am hoping to achieve the first two steps by next week! 
